#sidebar SideBar

=Understanding User and Stakeholder Needs=

==From Users of parking lot's point view==

# Ability to obtain a vacant spot without losing time.
# Ability to reserve a spot online.
# Ability to provide appropriate spots for a hand cab and reserved spots
# It is necessary to have a secured parking lot.
# Easy to use a reservation system online or on smart phone.
# Organized parking lot.
# Easy to understand parking rules.

==From stakeholders of parking lot's point view==

# Easy to use
# Logical progression of tutorial difficulty
# Meaningful feedback
# Able to review previous lessons
# Save progress
# Learn enough to have a conversation in all sign

=Interview=

==Who are the users?==

# Normal drivers and hand cab drivers 
# Manger of parking lot.

==What is the problem?==

# No website for reservation system. 
# No software to organize the parking lot.
# No sings show direction and if there are empty spots or not.
# There is no guaranteed spot for customers who make reservation.

==How do you currently solve the problem?==

# Create a reservation system online or on smart phone.
# Create ultrasound software system.
# Make boards which are feedback from the software.
# Create arm gate system or it will be designed when a parking lot is built.

=The Requirement Workshop=

==Attendees of the Smart-Parking-System Requirements Workshop==

|| * Name * || * Role * || * Title * || * Comments * ||
|| * Ali * || * Facilitator * || * Stakeholder * || * Sponsor/ financing * ||
|| * Abdulatif * || * Participant * || * Software development manager * || *Project Lead *||
|| * Abdullah * || * Participant * || * Technologist * || * System engineer * ||
|| * Hattan * || * Participant * || * Interface team leader * || * Interfacing APIs with hardware/software * ||
|| * Gaelle * || * Participant * || * Engineer team leader * || * System design leader * ||
|| * John * || * Observer * || * Stockholder * || * Institution’s Administrator * ||
|| * Brian * || * Observer * || * Stockholder * || * Institution’s Administrator * ||
|| * Jasmine * || * Observer * || * Stockholder * || * Institution’s Administrator * ||

=Warm Up session=
# A brief introduction about the user needs.
# An overview on how the new system is going to be built and which basic features will be provided.

==Agenda==
|| * Time * || * Agenda item * || * Description * ||
|| *9:00 to 9:30 am * || * Introduction * || * Reviewing the agenda * ||
|| * 9:00 to 9:30 am * || * Overview * || * Discussion on the interviews * ||
|| * 10:30 to 12:00 pm * || * Brainstorming * || * Users: ideas on features * ||
|| * 12:00 to 1:00 pm * || * Lunch break * || * - * ||
|| * 1:00 to 2:00 pm * || * Brainstorming * || * company: ideas on features * ||
|| * 2:00 to 3:00 pm * || * Feature definition * || * Based on users’ and company’s ideas * ||